Error early with in-source-builds (#2660)
boutproject/BOUT-dev: CMakeLists.txt

  cmake_policy(SET CMP0127 NEW)
endif()

if ("${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}" STREQUAL "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}")
  option(BOUT_ALLOW_INSOURCE_BUILD "Whether BOUT++ should really allow to build in source." OFF)
  if (NOT ${BOUT_ALLOW_INSOURCE_BUILD})

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "BOUT++ does not recommends in source builds. Try building out of source, e.g. with `cmake -S . -B build` or set -DBOUT_ALLOW_INSOURCE_BUILD=ON - but thinks may break!")

Reviewer: Couple of typos:

```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "BOUT++ does not recommend in source builds. Try building out of source, e.g. with `cmake -S . -B build` or set -DBOUT_ALLOW_INSOURCE_BUILD=ON - but things may break!")
```
